{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red67\green67\blue67;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22480\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Sean Keery's expert evaluation of Team 4
\fs24 \

\b0 \ulnone \
Google Hangout - 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 Sunday April 10, 2016 2:30PM Mountain Time\
\cf3 \cb4 Kirill B \cf5 <kirill00k@gmail.com> 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f1\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 Jee Loong Chew <jee.loong@gmail.com>\
\

\b Reviewing
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xuUQZcs4Y1NJaOtUqr0UVDXbihRISa-fOJWgvD7YHcg/edit"}}{\fldrslt https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xuUQZcs4Y1NJaOtUqr0UVDXbihRISa-fOJWgvD7YHcg/edit}}\
\

\b Review Template
\b0 \
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15e3xKZLlt9zsIt5A0EZhzWF6gaQhu6hjlnTEfw7m3ms/edit?usp=sharing\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\b \cf0 Scale - Severity Rating
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\qj

\f1 \cf0 \cb4 0 = No Problem
\f2 \cb1 \

\f1 \cb4 1 = Cosmetic problem only
\f2 \cb1 \

\f1 \cb4 2 = Minor usability problem\uc0\u8232 3 = Major usability problem
\f2 \cb1 \

\f1 \cb4 4 = Needs major re-factoring
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\

\b Conceptual Overview
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\i\fs30 \cf0 Task 1 
\i0\b : 
\b0 Does this web application provide you with enough information about your own income vs the rest of the United States?
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Is the abstraction right? 
\b\fs28 2
\b0\fs24 \
If I'm going to be comparing, let me interact with your page so that my income can be highlighted across the linked visualizations.  I can definitely figure it out for myself.  But those college students with really low incomes, not so sure.  \
\
Do encodings and interaction support the task? 
\b\fs28 2
\b0\fs24 \
The brushing over the time scale doesn't really flow to the map. I think a slider of the scale might be better.\
Filtering through the selection box seems a bit mis-located.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj
\cf0 How is the state differentiated.  What year is highlighted?  Clutter removal with zooming?\
How do you represent small states that are close together.  I was thinking a fisheye
\f1\fs30 .\

\f0\fs24 How are you highlighting chosen state.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Good.  Mouseover/popup for wealth and income definitions.  Make sure bottom 1% color stands out. \
\
Do encodings and interaction provide new insights? 
\b\fs28 2
\b0\fs24 \
The small multiples would be better if I could compare my/your income.\
Still not sure how I measure up. My income or my state.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\f1\i\fs30 Task 2 
\i0 : Does this web application provide you with enough information about the state of income inequality in America?
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Is the abstraction right? 
\b\fs28 3
\b0\fs24 \
Possibly, but the map may take my mind off of the abstraction further on in the page.  I'm not really sure it represents what you want to talk about immediately.\
\
\
Do encodings and interaction support the task? 
\b\fs28 1
\b0\fs24 \
All the task supporting pieces are there.  Layout is detracting.\
\
\
Do encodings and interaction provide new insights? 
\b\fs28 0
\b0\fs24 \
Yes.  Small multiples give me a new perspective on factors relating to income equality\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
How do I measure up? My income and my state.\
\
\
Single page scroller - Infographic\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Zooming in on specific state or region - \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\b0 \cf0 How is the state differentiated.  What year is highlighted.  Clutter removal with zooming
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Distinguishing wealth by state (size) and (color) of circles on map 
\b0 - \
\
How do you represent small states that are close together.  I was thinking a fisheye.\

\f2\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs30 Ability to drill down on information to get required details - \
\

\f2\b0\fs24 Small multiple is nice.  How are you highlighting chosen state.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Ability to compare year by year changes -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\b0 \cf0 Nice use of linked area graph.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Overall ease of use -\
\

\f2\b0\fs24 Ease of use is fine except for selectors/filters.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj
\cf0 \
\

\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
}